When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  I'd want to use a remote repository for example when I'm collaborating on a bigger
  project with multiple contributors or when I want to make a visible project which could 
  potentially attract some contributors. Also - having a remote repository helps in case
  of technical errors (computer breaks down, or you have to replace it, ...).

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  Because I might be developing some features which could interfere with some freshly
  made changes to remote (by me or some other contributor), so constant updates from
  remote might become a nuisance and can be annoying - Git doesn't know when I have
  finished making a stable feature etc., it also may inadvertantly add some new branches
  that I didn't want, so it's better to leave pulling or pushing changes up to me
  (programmer).

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one
instead of another?
   Fork is a remote copy of another repository - making any changes to the fork repo
   won't affect the original (forked from) repository. Forking a repository comes handy
   when you don't have any permissions to contribute to the original. You can copy(fork)
   it and make any changes, twiddle with it as much as you like. Perhaps when you come up 
   with something new, you can ask to be added as a contributor and add your features to 
   the original (if you like).
   Clone is a copy of a repository - either copied directly to your GitHub account (in 
   that case we call it a fork), or copied local repository - either from another local
   repo, or - mostly - a copy of someones GitHub repo to your local computer.
   Branch is a commit line in your repository - main one is called master, but there
   can be several ones - starting from a random commit on master branch. Branch 'lives'
   inside a repo. You can push/pull these branches to/from your remote repository (if
   you have one).

What is the benefit of having a copy of the latest known state of the remote stored locally?
   If there are any conflicts (if someone commited changes to the remote repository for
   the same file) - you can create a local multi-branch repo by fetching the remote and 
   examine the conflicts, merge and push.
   Having local copy of remotes last state aids and is necessary to see if someone made
   changes to remote while I was working. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would
be harder?
    Withut Git - probably by emailing etc. It would certainly be more tedious since you'd
    have to make corespondences every time you change/add something to the project.
    I can't think of anything that would be easier - perhaps not learning to use Git 
    (which is not a good practice, since you only gain from it and although learning
    curve for git is steep, you adapt quite quickly).

When would you want to make changes in seperate branch rather than directly in master?
What benefits does each approach have?
    You want to make a seperate branch when you're working on some new feature which
    won't be ready right away or can take many commits to finish. Once you're finished
    you merge that into main(master branch) or make a pull request.
    Working on the master branch on the other hand has an advantage of less additional
    work - working on lateral branches can be more complicated because you have to stay
    up to date with the main branch - you have to pull master into you local master branch,
    merge master with the branch you're working on - sometimes multiple times in a short
    period. From that perspective working in a master branch is certainly less complicated.
